This is the blogpost I will never revisit. It's not meant to be published, nor to be read. It is filled with love and words I can never say out loud. The things I wish I never think of. Sweetest memories I am afraid I will forget, but I know I never will. 

As ususal, my phone gave me the running out of storage warning. The storage is never enough for me, no matter how many TBs I get. You see, I have this weird habbit of taking photos of all the random things and capturing screenshots. My nephew and nieces are the cutest bunch on the planet and I trasure all the memories I have of them, that I one day plan on embarrasing them with. Can't wait to be that blackmailing aunt tbh. But I needed to delete some useless stuff. Like the 100th picture of that hot guy I don't know or the screenshot of the hilarious reddit comment I made that reached 1k upvotes. I did all that and it still wasn't enough. It never is. So I opened the forbidden audio folder. After listening and deleting my embarrasing singing evidences, I found something I desperately avoid and treasure, with my whole life. 

His 'sona' instantly broke me. No one calls me that. I won't ever let anyone call me that. It's his name for me. I can feel it in my bones. It has all the love and trauma associated with it, that I don't ever want it to be corrupted. I don't remember what I was doing when I got those calls. But most probably I was working. Must've been thinking about how to solve a bug. The calls are always around 6pm to 8pm. And he asks me what I want to eat that day. Some day I tell him the specifics. "Pappa, mala Panipuri havi", "Aaj Bhel aana", "Aho to corner wala changla det nahi parcel, to durcha deto, tithun aana" ("Pappa, I want Panipuri", "Bring Bhel today", "That corner guy always messes up the parcel, get it from the one that's farther away") Sometimes I wanted juices, sometimes Kaju/Badam shakes. Somedays I gave him vague answers. But he always got me exactly what I wanted and how I wanted it. That's my pappa. He was so farther away from a saint. But he loved me. And I loved him. More than it's humanly possible to love anyone.

I despise some qualities in him. And I told him that. He would get angry but listen. He would get drunk and I would sit beside him and listen to him ramble. And when he got sober and we both would be out, I would ask him why would he say that. He would always laugh and say "Tu ajun chhoti ahes, visarun jat ja" (You are too young, don't remember what I say). But I never did. I remember everything. We never listened to what other asked. We have that in common.

And as hard it is for me to admit it, we have too much in common. All the things I despised in him, I got those gifts. And I instantly recognise it. His ability to make other person shut up, his arguing nature, and his knack of winning the impossible arguments. I got it all. It just comes naturally to me. Don't even need to try. It's only the other half in me, my mothers, that I don't display it as much as him. But he also had many great qualities. As twisted as he was, he was born a leader. People just loved him. And he loved them. He could be foolishly kind and generous sometimes. He helped people even when he couldn't and shouldn't have. It got him in trouble so many times, but change was just not in his nature. Never. And the man was always full of surprises. You would think you know everything about him and baaam, he would hit you with one interesting story that would absolutely blow your mind. 

You don't leave the person you love the most. I would never. We are different in that way. Because he did. I remember writing down all the things we had in common, eyes full of tears, and in a rush to write it all, fearing I will forget it somehow. I was so afraid that I won't remeber these things. That I will forget how much we like tangy things. How we both love lemons. And curd. And Bhaje, god we both love bhaje. And the traumatic Chimkura bhaje lol. How he would play all the songs and sing along. How we both can never sleep on a wrinkled bed. And how he is the reason I will need to get Rhinoplasty one day. 

He was always so proud of me. I would always be with him whenevr he would go somewhere, (sometimes he reluctuntly brought me along because I just won't listen), and he would proudly introduce me as his shendephal, and announce all my accomplishments. How many pedhe he distributed eveytime me/my siblings topped any exam! He would celebrate it to a point that we were afraid to tell him we topped/won anything. But that's Pappa. He wanted me to have shoulder length hair and have them curled inwards. He asked me so many times not to cut it so short, but I kept getting Pixie till I was 18! And that was me. Tbh, that was us, we both love not doing things others ask of us. He always got it his way. And so do I.

There hasn't been a day I haven't talked to him. I wonder what he would say if he read this. He would probably laugh. And tell me some more things that I missed. He would completely disapprove of me moving abroad for sure, but will constantly brag about it when with his friends. I hate all of his friends btw, and he knows that. I told him many times. He hated my jeans with fringes but still bought it because I said I liked it. We always had dinners together. And I would refuse to mix stuff and order him to do it for me. That too till I was freaking 22! Embarrasing for me, but he always did it. Without any complains. How he would save the best part of the meat, before I turned vegetarian at 9. It absolutely broke his heart! He tried so hard to change that decision of mine, but to no avail. 

I have so much to write. And as always I can't stop crying. The last two years have changed me inside out and he is the biggest reason why. I hate whenever a relative comes home and try to tell me things about him. I know. I know him better than you ever have or ever will. About how he talked about me and how much I look like him. How dare you tell me about him. I am him. There are only 5 other people who have the authority to say anything about him. I hate it with any cousin of mine tries to show how close they are with you. I just want to punch them. Few of my cousing sat with us for the pooja. I wanted to scream at them. I would have furiously complained to him about this, only of he was there. Some random person he helped will come home and tell us how great he was. Or an aunt of mine will talk about his childhood, but twist an event to make themselves an hero. Little do they know Pappa loved to tell us things from his childhood. And we already know the original version. But I am raised by my mother, so I swallow my anger and nod along. Give them the tea that my mother made. They bore us for hours, foolishly assuming I made that excellent tea, not knowing the reality, and I just smile. They tell me how much I remind me of him. And I don't say anything. They think what a beautiful sweet girl I am, when I absolutely want to throw them out of our house. They leave singing my praises. After all, I learned it from the best. I go back to my phone and save unrelated memes. Only to delete them once the storage is full. I avoid the audio section, unless I absolutely have to. I hear 'Sona' once again, and I remember it all. The wave of sadness, anger, emptiness, and a little tinge of acceptance, hits hard. As much as I don't want to, the acceptance is increasing, albeit very, very minutely. But it always ends with a smile on my face. Knowing I will never forget the details. And I make something spicy and squeeze lemon onto it. Just how you liked it. 
